# https://tw.voicetube.com/videos/15277
Hi, everyone. 
It is another Captain of the Hour here. 
My name is Sue B. Zimmerman, and I'm so excited that you're 
going to be joining us today, with a good friend of mine, 
Karen Yankovich, who I met online. 
Right, Karen? 
Yup. 
Yup. 
Met online initially-- 
And now we talk probably every day. 
We are in B-School, which is an online-- 
B-School. 
And I met her in that group. 
And I had the opportunity to meet up with her when I was at 
a Michael Port event in New Jersey, because that's where 
Karen lives. 
So it's always so nice when you can take those online 
relationships offline and meet people that really help you 
with your business and teach you things 
that you don't know. 
So I'm really excited, because Karen is here today to teach 
you all the what, why and how's of LinkedIn. 
And I love LinkedIn. 
I use it regularly. 
And in fact, Karen just helped me set up an amazing business 
page, which you can contact her about, if you need some 
help with that, after. 
And it's really important to have a very strong profile 
there, which Karen is going to go over, because usually when 
people meet you and Google you, you're LinkedIn profile 
is the first thing that comes up. 
So I'm really excited to have Karen here. 
And if there's anything you want to add to that, 
Karen, please do. 
You have your 30-minute presentation to start. 
And then I'm going to finish with a 30-minute presentation 
on Slideshare and show you all how to do a Slideshare and why 
you should be thinking about using it as part of your 
content creation. 
So take it away, Karen. 
OK. 
Well, hi, everyone. 
Thanks so much for joining us here today. 
As Sue said, I'm talking about LinkedIn today. 
And I am a social media consultant. 
So I work with my clients on all social media platforms. 
But I'm a LinkedIn evangelist these days. 
LinkedIn is really the place that I 
start all of my clients. 
And it's really the least understood of all 
social media networks. 
So that's why we're going to talk about that today. 
And before I go into that and before I tell you a little bit 
about me, I want to just tell you a quick story about-- 
years ago, I worked for a company, I did sales for a 
company that was a corporate business-to-business company. 
So we didn't really have people walking 
in our front door. 
The owner of the company used to refer to our telephone as a 
front door. 
And if that phone wasn't answered professionally, he 
felt like it showed our front door was off the hinges. 
Would you go to a dry cleaner if the 
door was off the hinges? 
Probably not. 
The front door is really the most important-- 
or a really important part of your business. 
In 2013, 2014, LinkedIn is very often your front door. 
And if that front door isn't professionally presented and 
is hanging off the hinges, then people are instantly 
going to get an impression about you. 
So we want that impression to be exactly what 
you want it to be. 
We want the impression of your front door to make people want 
to open that door, walk in and do business with you. 
So that's one of the reasons why I'm such a LinkedIn 
evangelist these days. 
But I want to get back to why we're here today. 
So first of all, I want to just tell you how grateful 
that I am that you are all here today and how happy that
I am to be able to share this with you. 
And if you're watching this live, it is November, 2013. 
So we're probably wrapping up some of our 2013 goals and 
putting some plans in place for 2014. 
I really want LinkedIn to be a big part of your 2014. 
And I'm going to tell you why. 
And I know when we're done here, you're going to agree 
with me and you're going to be as excited about that as I am. 
So just get comfortable. 
You probably are going to want to watch the replay of this, 
because I'm going to go through a lot of content. 
I'm going to take you step-by-step through what to 
do and how to do it. 
So if I'm going too fast, you can watch the replay. 
I really want to get everything in here today that 
I have in my notes. 
So bear with me. 
Plus, I'm from New Jersey. 
We talk fast in New Jersey. 
So I'll try to keep that in mind, that not everybody's 
brain processes things as fast as I talk. 
So just get comfortable and be present with this today. 
And if there's things you want to get back to, go ahead and 
watch the replay. 
So today we're going to talk about the why's, why you need 
to be using LinkedIn, the what, what you need to have in 
place for massive LinkedIn success, and the how's , how 
to significantly increase your sales using LinkedIn. 
And my background, I started in corporate America. 
I'm naturally left brained. 
I'm logical. 
I'd like to figure things out. 
So I've been in a lot of corporate jobs where I've been 
customer service and sales, and director of marketing, and 
I can't even-- 
I could spend half an hour just telling you about all the 
different jobs I had. 
But for me-- so everything was kind of tech-y oriented. 
And along came social media. 
So social media blends my naturally left brain talents, 
the tech-y piece of all of this, with what I love to do, 
conversations, have conversations with people, get 
to know people, socialize with people. 
So social media is a huge-- 
it was perfect for me. 
It's absolutely my sweet spot. 
And so I started training in online 
services and social media. 
And I can't help myself. 
I love this stuff. 
So I have a lot of corporate background, and I've been 
around the business block a few times. 
So when I tell you the things I'm talking about today, I've
done all of these things. 
I've tried all of these things. 
I've done sales in every way that sales 
could possibly be done. 
So LinkedIn. 
I want to just give you a statistic. 
HubSpot, which is an online curator of information for 
social media and for online services, in 2012, they put 
out a statistic that LinkedIn is 277% more effective than 
Facebook and Twitter for lead generation. 
277% more effective. 
That's amazing. 
Do you spend 277% more of your time on LinkedIn than Facebook 
and Twitter? 
I bet you probably don't. 
So any time you spend on LinkedIn is massively 
productive for you. 
And I'm going to take you right through that. 
So first, we're going to talk about the why's, why you need 
to be using LinkedIn. 
We talked about your front door. 
I'm going to actually take you to my screen. 
I'm going to share my screen with you now. 
And let's see how we do this here. 
I'm going to take you to my screen and-- 
give me one second to get this going for you. 
Sue, can you see that? 
Yup. 
You're go to go. 
OK. 
Good. 
So I'm going to take you to Google. 
And I'm going to Google myself. 
I'm going to Google my name. 
And I want you to see what comes up. 
Now if you're doing business with people, even if they 
found you on Facebook or wherever they found you, one 
of the first things people do, if they met you at a trade 
show or an event, or they're looking to invest in doing 
business with you, is they are going to search to find out
what you're all about. 
Take a look at this. 
The second thing that comes up is LinkedIn. 
In Now people might be interested in what I've to day 
on Twitter and Facebook and all of these other things. 
Wow, obituary. 
I hope that's not for me. 
But LinkedIn is the second thing that comes up. 
And most often, we know that people tend 
to be a little nosy. 
They want to know about me. 
They'll eventually check out my Twitter, but LinkedIn's 
where they can know about me. 
So if you click on LinkedIn, you're going to get to my 
front door. 
And it's professional. 
It tells people exactly what I want to know. 
It tells them that I'm a social media marketing 
specialist, that I'm a business coach and speaker and 
that my specialty is LinkedIn optimization. 
That, by the way-- we're going to go back a second-- that, by 
the way, is also visible right here. 
Right here in-- 
actually, it's not right now. 
So we're not even going to go there. 
It should be visible right there, but it's not coming up. 
So as we all know, technology changes daily, which is why 
we're always doing these webinars. 
So this is my front door. 
This is the first thing people are going to see when they 
Google my name. 
They're going to see my LinkedIn profile. 
The second reason of the why's. 
I know you're getting LinkedIn connection requests. 
How are you feeling about that? 
Are you comfortable accepting them? 
Or are you like, ugh, I've got to work on my profile before I 
accept all these connections? 
I know you're getting those requests. 
People are starting to use LinkedIn more and more. 
It also establishes you as the expert. 
It establishes you as the expert in your industry. 
If you look at my profile, I'm telling the world that I'm an 
expert at these things. 
I'm substantiating that. 
As you scroll down in my profile, I'm 
substantiating that. 
But I am telling you I am the expert. 
I'm the person you should come to about this. 
And that's what I want you to do. 
I want to start to establish you as the expert in what you 
are expert at. 
And I want you to use LinkedIn to do that. 
This is where people start. 
Whether you're looking at your profile or not, 
other people are. 
Here's another way. 
I want to take you to this. 
You guys can do this for yourself, actually. 
If you go to InMaps.LinkedInLabs.com-- 
it's I-N-M-A-P-S.LinkedInLabs.com, 
you can map your network. 
So this a map of my LinkedIn network, how I'm connected to 
all of these people. 
How cool is this? 
Where else in the world do you have a service that can give 
you this kind of reach? 
So I can click on any one of these dots. 
OK, so this dot is Nancy Smith. 
Nancy Smith is-- 
actually, she's a neighbor and she owns a yoga, 
an Ayurvedic spa. 
And these are all the people that Nancy 
and I have in common. 
So if you go here, I believe blue takes you to a lot of the 
[INAUDIBLE], the blue and green do. 
So that's a huge piece of my LinkedIn network. 
So you can-- 
look at the reach that I have. 
Look at the reach that I have just by using LinkedIn. 
There's no other place in the world that can give you this 
kind of reach. 
And it's free. 
And lastly, and the most important why, social proof. 
We all have heard those words, you need to get 
recommendations. 
Let other people tell the world how awesome you are. 
And I am absolutely in agreement with that. 
You should have 
recommendations on your website. 
You should have testimonials. 
But when you have testimonials and recommendations and 
endorsements on LinkedIn, it's social proof on steroids. 
It's not just, I'm saying that this person said I'm great. 
This is, these people say I'm great. 
I have 59 people that say that I'm an expert at social media, 
strategy, social networking. 
This is social proof on steroids. 
This isn't just me saying I'm good at it. 
This is the rest of the world saying I'm good at it. 
And if you scroll down to my recommendations, and we'll 
talk a little bit more about this later-- 
if you scroll down to my recommendations, you can click
right to the people's profiles here that recommended me. 
So it's not just me. 
It's actual substantiation that these people are 
recommending me. 
So the social proof you get on LinkedIn has no competition 
anywhere in the world. 
Karen, can I interrupt you for a minute? 
Absolutely. 
I love that you're talking about recommendations and 
social proof, because I am a firm believer in all that. 
And I think it's so important for business owners, 
especially, to make sure that you ask for recommendations, 
especially on LinkedIn. 
Because people do read those recommendations. 
So whenever you've had success with a client, you want to 
send them a recommendation request on 
LinkedIn, not in an email. 
Because when it's on LinkedIn, to Karen's 
point, it's social proof. 
And anyone that is looking at your profile on 
LinkedIn will see those. 
And it's so much better to have people talk about you 
instead of you tooting your own horn. 
So it's really important to focus on 
remembering to ask people. 
Because when you ask, they will deliver. 
And we're actually going to get-- what are how's, Sue. 
So you're right on target with where I'm 
going with all of this. 
Awesome. 
OK. 
So we've talked a little bit about the how's. 
Now I'm going to talk about the what's, what you need to 
have in place for massive LinkedIn successes. 
And the first thing you need to have in place is that 
professional profile. 
It's a profile that when people click on you, when 
they've Googled you and they click on you, it's a profile 
that you're proud to share. 
And it's a profile that tells the world what you want them 
to know about you. 
So this is not just-- 
when people Google you, they're going to keep going 
until they find what they want. 
And you can either let them keep going until they find 
your high school prom pictures, or you can give them 
exactly what you want them to have, which is what you can do 
on your LinkedIn profile. 
This is what I want you to know. 
So you are directing what people are finding out about 
you when they search for you online. 
And nine out of ten times they're going to stop here. 
Because you're going to give them so much information on 
your LinkedIn profile, that they're not going to have to 
keep going until they find your 
high school prom pictures. 
So the first thing you need to have to have a 
professional profile-- 
and actually, if you go to my website-- 
I'm going to take you there for a second-- if you go to my 
website, I did a blog series just a couple of weeks ago. 
So if you go to the blog series, there's a blog series. 
I'm not going to take you through 
how to do these things. 
If you go down to this blog series here, the Top LinkedIn
Tips for 2013. 
So you can go here and you can get step-by-step directions on 
video on how to go through some of the things I'm going
to talk about now. 
Clearly, my internet connection 
is going to be slow. 
So as you can see, there's videos here that take you 
step-by-step through how to do that. 
So we're not going to do that now. 
But what I'm going to show you first is your URL. 
You need to have a professional-- 
a personalized URL. 
If your profile still says LinkedIn.com/, and all kinds 
of crazy letters and numbers, all you need to do is follow
the directions on the blog posts I just showed you, and 
you can change that. 
It's free. 
It's easy. 
It takes two seconds. 
It makes you instantly look like you know what you're 
doing on LinkedIn. 
Your headline. 
Your headline should be more than owner. 
Your headline should be something that tells the world 
what you want them to know. 
We're going to talk more about how you develop your headline 
in a minute, but your headline needs to be professional. 
I love it when you use mixed media. 
If you look on my profile, you can get YouTube videos you can 
take right to some of the pages on my website. 
I've got some of my blog posts listed. 
So when you look at my profile, it's not just a 
boring old resume-looking profile. 
It's interactive. 
It's visual. 
It's more dynamic. 
And it's complete. 
As you can see here,I've got all-star completion here. 
So it's complete. 
I've done everything LinkedIn wants me to do, so I'm giving 
people as much information as I can 
about my LinkedIn profile. 
And lastly, make it public. 
Who cares? 
This is what you want people to know about. 
Unless you're using LinkedIn for some subvertive purpose, 
make it public. 
Let everybody see it. 
Let everybody that Googles you see what you have on your 
LinkedIn profile. 
Have a professional picture. 
Don't cut your grandmother out of the picture. 
Have a nice professional picture. 
So think about this for a second. 
You Googled somebody. 
You're looking to do work with somebody and you Google them. 
And you click on their LinkedIn profile and it's got 
nothing there. 
What do you think? 
You know what that's like. 
Maybe you don't judge them, necessarily, negatively, for
that, but when you click on it and you do get all this 
information, what do you think about that? 
You instantly can relate to the person. 
You instantly feel comfortable with the person. 
And you instantly feel like they're an expert, because 
their profile really shows that. 
So think about that. 
You're not necessarily going to be judged poorly if you 
don't do this, but you are absolutely going to be judged 
positively if you do. 
So there's a couple of ways that you can do on this. 
As Sue said, we want you to have a plan for 
recommendations. 
So that's part of the what's. 
That's part of the what can you do? 
You can have a plan for recommendations. 
You can have a plan every week. 
Put it on your calendar. 
Recommend somebody else. 
Maybe they'll recommend you back. 
Be strategic about that. 
Understand the difference between recommendations and 
endorsements. 
Endorsements-- 
listen, I'm never going to say I don't love it when somebody 
says I'm great at social media or strategy. 
I love that. 
But what I want is a recommendation. 
So don't think when you're endorsing somebody that you 
are helping them as much as you when you're giving them a 
recommendation. 
Because you're not. 
It's great to have them. 
It's great to have the social proof about the different 
topics that you work on. 
But they're not as powerful as recommendations. 
So weekly, recommend somebody. 
Build that social proof. 
OK. 
When you're putting your professional profile together, 
one of the other things, the what's, is that one of the 
things that you to have is a key word strategy. 
You need to be thinking about what-- 
people are going to search to find you. 
What are people going to be-- 
when they look for me-- 
let's say, if I look for social media LinkedIn, I hope 
that I come up pretty high on that list. 
Let's hope. 
So I'm fourth. 
So that's pretty good. 
I guess I'd better do some keyword research and do some 
more work on keywords in my profile. 
But that's what you want. 
You want to come up for the keywords in your industry. 
So you want to use those keywords strategically. 
I'm going to show you where you want 
to use those keywords. 
You want to use those keywords 
strategically in your headline. 
You want to use those keywords strategically in your summary 
and in the titles of your experience. 
So you see, I have LinkedIn and marketing in my title. 
I actually even went back to some of my old jobs. 
This Vice President-- 
I wasn't Vice President of Marketing and Media, but I 
owned the company. 
I could call myself wherever I want. 
So I changed my title. 
So marketing and media come up as a key word. 
So you can do that 
authentically, if you're creative. 
So use some keyword strategy. 
Karen, I love that. 
I love that you're really going 
through the keyword strategy. 
I think so many people don't really understand that the 
descriptions in their bio, the words they choose, really 
matter for when people are searching to find experts. 
Yup, they do. 
And you know what? 
It's work that you have to do up front, but once you do that 
work, all you really need to do is update it and tweak it. 
So this bio, by the way, you copy and paste it. 
You can copy and paste this into your Instagram bio, into 
your Twitter bio. 
Once you create a bio for yourself, a headline for 
yourself, you can use it, maybe with some tweaks to make 
it more specific to what your goal is 
on individual platforms. 
But you've done the research. 
You've done the work up front. 
So with LinkedIn, it is work. 
There's no magic wand here. 
If you came here thinking I'm going to give you a magic wand 
to make money on LinkedIn, you're in the wrong place. 
You have to do the work. 
You have to do the keyword research. 
You have to put your profile-- 
get your profile optimized up front, so that you are ready
to accept that business when it comes in. 
But most of that work is up front, so once you've done the 
work, you can start to take advantage of the massive 
return on investment that you get versus the time you spend 
on, say Facebook or Twitter. 
So do the work up front. 
I actually can help you do that. 
I want to tell you for two seconds, before we get into 
the how's, I want to tell you for two seconds, I have a 
program that helps you get this profile optimized. 
And Sue, I think you have a link underneath 
this to this profile. 
We're going to posting the link in the chat. 
And we'll also have it in the replay, in the email where w
send the replay. 
OK. 
So this is a program I literally just launched. 
It's a membership program. 
It's $87. 
So it's unbelievably inexpensive, compared to what 
you get for it. 
And if you go through this page, you'll see some of the 
benefits of it. 
But it's basically, polish your profile, make your social 
sales shine, and connect to massively more strategic 
partners, customers and clients. 
And that's what this program does. 
It takes you step-by-step through polishing that 
profile, cleaning up that front door, making sure it's 
not hanging off the hinges. 
And being ready for the next step, being ready for the 
how's that I'm going to take you through next. 
And I actually have-- 
you're at a good time, you're listening to this at a good 
time, because I have a fast start bonus, 
a fast action bonus. 
Everybody that's a member of this program does get monthly 
workshops from me. 
So I'm doing my first monthly workshop Monday, November 18. 
If you are listening to this afterwards and you are a 
member of this, you can always go back and listen to the 
replay of that. 
But it's going to be a Q&A strategy workshop. 
You can ask me live questions about how you can use your 
LinkedIn profile to get you more 
customers and more clients. 
And then, that workshop is kicking off a challenge. 
I'm going to take my members through a challenge for the 
rest of 2013. 
I want them to make money with their LinkedIn profile. 
So I'm practically guaranteeing that you will 
make $1,000 with your $87 investment. 
If you stick with me and if you follow the tips I'm going 
to give you from now until the end of the year-- listen, I 
want you to make $10,000. 
But even I am not going to guarantee you that. 
I don't even know if you have something you can sell. 
But I will guarantee you that you'll make money through 
these connections. 
So take a look at that LinkedIn Stars program. 
Take a look at that link that Sue's giving you. 
This program is going to be constantly updated. so it's 
always going to be up-to-date with up-to-date LinkedIn 
information. 
And I'm really excited about it. 
So take-- 
when you have time. 
And because we're running short on time, I'm going to 
jump into the how's. 
You have about eight minutes left, Karen. 
You're going good. 
OK. 
So how can you significantly-- 
but this is the meat of this-- how can you significantly 
increase your sales with LinkedIn? 
LinkedIn is a limitless pool of prospects. 
It's more than-- actually, I'm going to take you back to my 
LinkedIn profile-- 
it's more than-- 
there's more than 225 million members on LinkedIn. 
The average household income is $83,000. 
They can afford you. 
These people on LinkedIn can afford your services. 
Market to them. 
Over 5 million businesses are on LinkedIn, with LinkedIn 
company pages, as Sue told you earlier. 
Actually, I'll take you quick to my LinkedIn company page, 
just to quickly show you that they exist. 
So many people that I speak to don't even know that the
LinkedIn company pages exist. 
And this is basically where you can get information on my 
company, not necessarily on me. 
So here's the services that I offer. 
And this page is under construction, for sure. 
So these are the services that I offer. 
It provides tons of links back to my site. 
So it gives me an SEO back to my website, if you're 
familiar with that. 
Karen, do you want to show them, excuse me, do you want 
to show them what you've set up for mine? 
Because I hired Karen to do mine and-- 
Sure. 
It's Sue B. Zimmerman Enterprises, right? 
Yes. 
And by the way, if you're not subscribed to my LinkedIn 
page, definitely get over there and search Sue B. 
Zimmerman Enterprise. 
But Karen worked on my page, and it's coming 
along really nicely. 
So this is Sue's page. 
This page is a week old, would you say? 
So we created this page for Sue. 
This is a place where she can now market her business, not-- 
your LinkedIn profile is your personal profile. 
It's about you. 
This page, your company page, is about your company. 
So you can click on Services, and you can see the different 
services that Sue offers. 
This is clickable. 
This takes you right to her website. 
Each one of these services that we've listed here-- and 
as you can see, hers is under construction, too. 
We've got to do some work on-- both of us have to do some 
work on the branding of our profiles. 
But you can click on Connect your Social Media buttons. 
It takes you right to a bigger description of that. 
And it also takes you-- you can click right here and go 
right to the website. 
And you can go here and watch the video that Sue's got
associated with that. 
This is all free to all members. 
So you'll get information on how to do this more in my 
LinkedIn Stars program, but you can always email me or 
call me or whatever you need to do. 
So there's 5 million businesses 
doing this right now. 
And that's not a lot. 
There's a lot more businesses that are going 
to start to do this. 
Get in now. 
Start doing this now. 
Because the number one benefit of LinkedIn is that it's a
referral network. 
It's a virtual trade show. 
If I call you to do business with you and you're sitting at 
your desk and you're in the middle of doing your 
QuickBooks and trying to balance your checkbook or do
your sales projections, you don't want to hear me. 
You don't even want to answer your phone. 
Or if I'm in your email, I'm in your email with 65,000 
other people. 
When I go to LinkedIn, though, I'm in social mode. 
I'm in that virtual trade show mode. 
I'm in that, who's got what going on mode. 
Tell me what you've got going. 
Can I help you? 
Can you help me? 
That's the mindset that people are in when they're on their 
LinkedIn to profile. 
So think about that. 
It's not social media, as you understand social media. 
It's actually probably 
miscategorized as social media. 
It's a referral network, a massive referral network. 
You saw my math, right? 
Every one of these people are first degree connections. 
They have-- 
I have-- 
let me see if I've got it here-- 
I think I have like 17 million first, second, and third 
degree connections. 
Where the heck on the earth can you find that? 
Where the heck on earth can you get to 17 people? 
So that's the biggest benefit. 
So I wanted to talk to you about the first how to make 
money on your LinkedIn profile is groups, LinkedIn groups. 
So if you scroll down to the bottom of my profile, you can 
see the LinkedIn groups that I'm in. 
I'm in a ton of groups. 
I'm always actually changing my groups to find the right 
groups to bring me business. 
And the way to benefit by groups is to think about what 
groups can I join that my customers are in? 
And then on the flip side, what groups can I join that my 
referral partners are in? 
And those are two different marketing 
strategies, but both powerful. 
And when you're in these groups, when you're in the 
same group as somebody, you get the benefit-- 
actually, let me-- 
let's go to Business Chicks here. 
And I'll show you what I want to do. 
If there's somebody that you've been trying to 
attract-- and there's a whole strategy that I don't have 
time to go into now. 
But let's just say that there's somebody that you 
wanted to connect to that you think would be a huge benefit 
of your business. 
So let's say it's this Naomi Simpson person. 
I don't know Naomi Simpson. 
But I think she's going to be a really huge, value-added 
partner, a great partner for my business that can bring me 
connections that are going to make me money. 
I can't just message her, because I'm not 
connected with her. 
I have no idea who she is or who she's connected to. 
But if we're in the same group, I 
can send her a message. 
That is awesome. 
And it's huge. 
So you can bypass the gatekeepers and go right to 
people that you want to message to. 
And keep in mind, you just saw in my profile-- if I click on 
this profile, by the way, let's say I didn't 
see her in a group. 
Poor Naomi, she's getting used here as a guinea pig. 
But I can say I want to get in touch with her, but I don't 
know how to get in touch with her. 
I can look and see what groups she's in. 
I can join one of these groups, just for the purpose 
of contacting her, so that we're in the same group. 
Because a lot of these groups will be open. 
So there's a lot of strategies you can use with groups. 
And I will tell you this, I have a client who's used 
groups so successfully, she's made-- 
I can't even tell you, she's made two massive connections 
in the last week through connections she's made on 
LinkedIn groups. 
One person, she actually just got on their newsletter. 
And when she saw their newsletter, she connected with 
them on LinkedIn and then liked what they had to say, 
signed up for their newsletter. 
Got their newsletter a week or two ago, and saw something 
interesting in it, went back to LinkedIn, messaged them on 
LinkedIn and said, I just got your new newsletter. 
I love what you're saying about blah, blah, blah. 
I'd love to talk more about it. 
And she has just turned that into what can be a six-figure 
connection for her. 
And that is-- 
Karen, that's huge. 
Can I just say one thing? 
Because we're going to wrap up in about five minutes. 
So I want everyone on the call, if you have any 
questions for Karen, please type them in the comments 
under the video, and I will relay them to her, because she 
can't see them. 
I have three computers going on. 
So I can read what you're typing. 
And I would love some questions for 
Karen, if you have any. 
OK? 
Go ahead, Karen. 
OK. 
So the next thing, we're going to jump quickly-- like I said, 
I'm going to go quickly through this. 
But the next thing we're going to talk about in the how's is 
a system and a strategy for staying top of mind. 
If you have a Facebook business page or you Tweet, 
you're posting on these sites. 
Every update that you update on LinkedIn is going to give 
you higher quality visitors to your website than your posts 
on Facebook. 
So when you think about posting daily on Facebook, 
take that same post and put it on LinkedIn, please. 
Every day, keep yourself top of mind. 
And if you've go to-- 
I'm going to just take you to my home page for a second. 
If you go to this homepage, while you're on LinkedIn and 
you're posting daily, whatever you've got to post, whether 
it's your blog post or whatever you're sharing with 
people, take a look at my wall. 
These are people that have posted. 
There's very few interactions on this stuff. 
Like here's somebody that posted email etiquette tips 
every professional should know. 
There are zero Likes and Comments and Shares on this. 
Now it was only seven minutes ago, but there's zero. 
Now Dave Karpin. 
He's actually got a huge following. 
He has three Likes and no Comments. 
If I comment on this right now, he's 
going to see my name. 
You are much more visible when you interact with people's 
posts on LinkedIn than you are on Facebook or Twitter. 
So go in, post your posts every day, and then interact 
with other people's posts. 
You're much more visible, and you'll get much more bang for 
your buck, much more ROI for your time, for the time you 
put on LinkedIn by doing those simple little things. 
OK. 
And I have two more quick tips. 
One, expand your horizons. 
I want you to make friends with 
LinkedIn's advanced search. 
If you are-- let's say you're a yoga studio and you want to 
do workshops in another town. 
You type in yoga. 
You type in the located or near-- 
Sue, what's your zip code? 
02481. 
So you want located or near. 
And I'm going to take out my first degree connections. 
I'm going to just look at second degree 
connections on this. 
Who can connect me to that? 
Now this is a very basic search, obviously. 
So this is going to search your first, second, and third 
degree connections. 
I've got 535 results. 
I can contact any of these people. 
I'm going to be in Boston the week of December 7. 
I'd love to do a workshop while I'm there. 
Are you interested? 
And you can ask-- 
now here you have a second degree connection. 
But you can see who your shared connections are. 
And you can ask your share connections, can you connect 
me with this person? 
So maybe we even have first degree connections that can 
connect you. 
But if you don't, don't let that dissuade you. 
You can contact your first degree connections, and you 
can say, how well do you know this person? 
I'm going to be in her area and I've got something I think
might work out really well for both us us. 
So make this advanced search your [INAUDIBLE]. 
You're using LinkedIn [INAUDIBLE] here. 
Not 60 million customers. 
One substantial customer at a time, or one substantial 
connection at a time. 
So get really comfortable with this search. 
Play with it. 
See what kind of fun things you can do and see how you can 
connect to more and more people. 
And then, most importantly, the most important thing I do 
that makes LinkedIn bring me massive successes is when I 
get connection requests. 
I accept them, nine out of ten times, I do. 
And then I go to this section right here. 
I go to my contacts. 
And then you can sort by recent connections. 
So, new. 
So I sort by new. 
And these are the last bunch of people that 
connected with me. 
I go to these people and I send them a note that says, 
hey, thank you so much for connecting with me. 
I love to get to know a little bit more about my connections 
so that I can refer you business if I can. 
So tell me a little bit about what you do and what kind of
business you're looking for. 
And also, let me know if there's anybody I 
can connect you to. 
If I can, I'm happy to. 
Now note that I did not pitch my services. 
I didn't say one single thing about what I do. 
I said, I want to help you. 
I would say 70% of the people I send those 
emails to reply back. 
And their reply is typically, thank 
you so much for offering. 
You're on LinkedIn. 
How many of those have you gotten? 
You don't get a lot of these things. 
So seven out of ten people say, 
thanks so much for offering. 
Here's a little bit about what I do. 
What can I do for you? 
Karen, so-- because we need to wrap up. 
So there's two really good questions. 
Do you want me to ask you them, so you can answer those? 
Yeah, sure. 
But I love how you engage with your most recent followers. 
That's really smart. 
I've got to start doing that. 
So thanks for that. 
Let me just say one more thing. 
The goal of that is to take the conversation off line. 
You're using social media, you're using LinkedIn to make 
the connection. 
But as soon as you can, and as soon as you've got that 
dialogue going, when can we talk? 
Can I talk to you Tuesday at four? 
That's your next step to doing that. 
And that's where this becomes massively powerful. 
OK. 
Perfect. 
So let's go to two questions, because that's all 
we have time for. 
So Janice Mitchell is a virtual assistant. 
And she asked how social is LinkedIn? 
When you say more effective than Facebook and Twitter, do 
you mean more results and how do you measure that? 
Well, yes, I mean more results. 
I mean that-- 
the quote, and I'm going to actually read it again, it 
says more effective for lead generation. 
So there's actually tools-- 
I deliberately only use the LinkedIn free account, because 
I don't want my clients to think, oh, you can do that 
because you've got the Premium account. 
So I'm dying to get the Premium account to see how 
many more-- 
what more I could do with LinkedIn. 
But right now, I still have the basic account. 
And with the basic account, you can create lists. 
You can create searches. 
OK. 
So you're specifically talking about lead generation, right? 
Yes. 
I'm specifically talking about targeted lead generation. 
OK. 
Great. 
OK. 
Let's get the other question, and then I'm 
going to start up soon. 
OK. 
So this is from Jennifer Arnez, an office assistant. 
And she asks, I once listened to a speaker regarding 
LinkedIn who stated that you should only accept LinkedIn 
connections with people who are in your industry, you're
in alignment with, and to keep it more professional and not 
be connected with old high school 
friends, family, et cetera. 
What are your thoughts on this? 
Can I just jump in and tell you my thoughts on this first, 
and then you can-- 
Absolutely. 
Because I feel like they're going to be the same. 
So I'm all over having as many connections as possible,
because you never know where that person can 
take you or your kids. 
I have three daughters. 
I have a daughter graduating college. 
And someone that connected with me might be 
her ideal job profile. 
So it's so that I can bring that person into my network. 
And if someone asks me, do you an SEO specialist? 
Do you know a web designer? 
Well, I may know of one. 
And if I've done what Karen just said to do, get in there 
and connect with them and take it offline, then you can add 
them to your network and have a sense of 
connection with them. 
So that's what I do. 
Is that what you were going to say? 
Yeah. 
And understand that the power of LinkedIn is the second and 
third degree connections. 
So the more first degree connections you have, the more 
second degree connections you're going to have. 
So in order to find that proper connection to take you 
to that next level, whether it's for you, your family or 
whoever, you need to have that base. 
So you can always unconnect with people if it feels 
inauthentic. 
But no, it is-- 
LinkedIn is a networking tool. 
And it's a personal preference. 
I personally recommend you connect with anybody you feel 
comfortable connecting with. 
OK. 
Karen, that was awesome. 
Thanks so much. 
And as Karen said, there will be a recording so that you 
guys can get in there and listen to it 
again, if you want. 
So I'd like to share with you all one of my favorite places
where I create content on a regular basis. 
And Karen mentioned content creation, which we all are
challenged with doing on a regular basis. 
And when you put together a content creation calendar, 
where you're consistently posting on the same platform 
with a schedule of some sort, it makes it much easier to do 
it consistently. 
And one of these platforms for me has become Slideshare. 
And I don't know if you know this or not, but Slideshare is 
owned by LinkedIn. 
So that's why I decided to share this with you all day. 
Because when you create Slideshares, your SEO 
increased so much, not only on Google, but on LinkedIn. 
So I'm going to walk you through how to create a 
Slideshare and tell you what it is, and even tell you how 
to create that account. 
And I'm going to go through it somewhat quickly. 
But please ask questions in the chat, and 
I'll field those after. 
Karen and I would love anyone that's on the call that can 
multitask like me, I would love it if you guys Tweeted a 
little bit about #Captainof theHour. 
And you can @ mention Sue B. Zimmerman. 
And Karen, is your handle the same as your name? 
At Karen Yankovich, yup. 
So you guys can @ mention Karen and @ mention myself, 
those of you that can listen and tool a little bit. 
And Karen, I know that you're one of those people. 
So I am now going to share my presentation with you all, 
which is here on my desktop. 
And I'm going to jump right in. 
Can you see that OK, Karen? 
Yup. 
Awesome. 
OK. 
So today I'm going to teach you all how to build a network 
with Slideshare. 
And as I mentioned, here's my Twitter handle, 
@suebzimmerman. 
I'm one of those lucky few that have my name on every 
single platform, Instagram, Twitter, 
LinkedIn, Slideshare, Google+. 
So real easy to remember. 
Oh, I have to toggle it with the computer, I think. 
I'm sorry. 
I'm not used to the presentation being-- 
Karen, so I'm having a challenge with going to the 
next page of the presentation. 
I'm not familiar with Slideshare. 
Oy, this is a problem. 
Hold on one second. 
I'm sorry. 
What if I play the slides? 
I know that we tried that earlier. 
Let's see if that works. 
Oh, I know what I have to do. 
I have to physically do it on the desktop. 
OK. 
I've got you covered, guys. 
Thanks for your understanding. 
We are only human. 
We are somewhat vulnerable. 
This is technology. 
This is what you do when you're an entrepreneur. 
You move one and you figure it out. 
So here we go. 
So Slideshare. 
Just to let you all know, it is the world's largest 
community for sharing presentations. 
Here is where you can share PowerPoint presentations,
PDFs, webinars, documents and videos. 
And what I have been doing on Sunday is sharing a hashtag 
Sunday Slideshare every Sunday. 
I currently have about 33 Slideshares to date. 
And what's really nice is that once you create a Slideshare, 
it's there forever and people can go back and look at those 
that are archived. 
So it's a really great place to curate content that you 
want to share with your followers. 
And I only have about 233 followers on Slideshare, but 
they're probably different followers than I have on my 
other platforms. 
So I can connect with them and bring them over to my other 
platforms from Slideshare. 
So here's the value of Slideshare. 
It's really quick. 
It's really easy. 
And it's a way to share educational content. 
So I'm constantly sharing how-to's that 
relate to social media. 
So a lot of them are Twitter, Facebook, 
YouTube, obviously Instagram. 
And each week I teach a sound bite of a tip or a tool of 
what to do, so that you can actually go through the 
Slideshare presentation and say, oh, my 
goodness, I got this. 
Thank you so much. 
For example, I recently did how to watermark your 
Instagrams. 
So really easy, concise, step-by-step how-to 
information. 
Another great thing about Slideshare is that you can do 
market research. 
And by looking at what your followers are clicking and 
what people are sharing, you can see what's slides that 
you've created have the most engagement. 
And then you can take that information and maybe turn it 
into a blog or a video or even a course that you want to 
offer, and extend it. 
I have one slide presentation, How to Create a Facebook 
Timeline Photo, that has received over 1,500 views. 
So I'm saying, OK, a lot of people want to learn how to do 
this, so I'm going to make a video out of it and take it to 
the next level for my followers. 
So you really can do some nice market research there. 
You can also use it to grow your network. 
Slideshare is its own social media platform. 
It has over 51 million monthly users. 
And it's really an untapped network. 
A lot of people aren't here. 
So there's not a lot of noise. 
And it's a place of potential clients who are looking for, 
specifically, educational content. 
And everyone can figure out what you can teach someone in 
your network that you're an expert at. 
And you can share your presentations to other social 
media platforms. 
So this is awesome. 
When I'm done uploading my Slideshare presentation, I can 
Pin it, I can Tweet it, and I can post it to Facebook. 
So it's really easy to explode the 
content to other platforms. 
And like Karen said, when you share across multiple 
platforms, you increase your engagement and it really helps 
your network grow. 
Now I'm going to quickly walk through how to set up a 
Slideshare presentation, so you guys can 
learn how to do this. 
So if you go to Slideshare, it's actually dot 
net, not dot com. 
And you can search Sue B. Zimmerman. 
I think it's Sue B. Zimmerman Boston, if you're going to be 
in the search bar, if you want to just get in there and see
while I'm doing this. 
Or you can just get in there while I'm teaching you 
how to set it up. 
So I'm going to show you how to complete your profile and 
tour the platform and teach you how to upload your first 
presentation. 
So when you get over to Slideshare.net, you can sign 
up to start creating your own account, which 
is right over here. 
I'm logged in, but you would click the Sign Up button right 
here, on the top right hand side. 
And you can even join with Facebook, LinkedIn, or an 
email, to make it really easy. 
So I would just click join with Facebook, and then it 
would upload all the information. 
And once you've done that, it's just easier 
to sign in, as well. 
Now you want to make sure you have a complete Account 
Profile, important on every platform. 
Karen went over it on LinkedIn, the same holds true 
for Twitter, for Instagram, and here on 
Slideshare, as well. 
And you'll have a menu right over here, where you can click 
in and view your profile and get your name and make your 
account setting right here. 
And once you're on Slideshare, you have a profile page where 
you can edit any information, which is on 
the left hand side. 
So I've wrote a little bio, and right here is where you 
can edit it. 
And I don't know if you can see this too well, but it says 
that I have 37 Slideshares. 
And I actually have almost 300 followers. 
So if everybody on the call starts following me, I'll 
surpass 300, and that will be exciting. 
So you want to first upload a photo. 
Make sure it's a good head shot. 
Like Karen said, not a picture with your grandmother or from 
a wedding or a bar mitzvah. 
Just make sure it's a good, professional photo of your 
beautiful face or your logo. 
I recommend your face, because people really like to do
business with people they know, they 
like and they trust. 
And when you show your face, it's feels 
a little bit warmer. 
And then you're just going to click into that personal 
information. 
There's a section option pull down, which is where you'll
write your descriptive bio. 
And you have a certain amount of characters to write your 
bio, like most platforms do. 
So you want to be concise there. 
And like Karen said, you might be able to copy over some of 
what you used in LinkedIn. 
So you're not recreating the whole 
process on this platform. 
And the other really great thing about Slideshare, it 
comes with a search engine feature. 
So you can really search keywords. 
So for example, if you want to learn how to create a LinkedIn 
profile, very simply, you could search, how do I create 
a LinkedIn profile? 
How do I use Instagram? 
How do I use hash tags on Instagram? 
I am sure there are Slideshares for everything 
that you want to learn how to do. 
And there's hundreds of keywords. 
And this is why keywords are important when you do your 
presentation. 
So here's an example. 
Just clicking in social, and when you click in social, you 
see there's all different key words here, social media, 
social media strategy, network, media network. 
So you can click in and see what other people in your 
industry are currently uploading to Slideshare and 
get ideas from them. 
And you can also browse, which is another feature. 
It's great to view other presentations 
that are already there. 
And there's some videos, if you want to watch videos as
opposed to click into a presentation, you can do that. 
And there's even a little news feed, like on Facebook and 
Twitter and Instagram, to see what's 
going on in your profile. 
And you can see what people are liking, what people are 
commenting on the Slideshares that you've made. 
And here's an example of the news feed. 
So that's what it looks like. 
I just wanted to give you guys a visual. 
And here is the news feed with a recently featured user.
So sometimes you get featured over here. 
I actually got featured as one of the top presentations once, 
when I did a LinkedIn Slideshare, because as I 
mentioned, it's owned by LinkedIn. 
So whenever you do a presentation-- 
and Karen, this will be great for you-- whenever you do a 
presentation that's LinkedIn featured, they love that and 
they promote that. 
So I was ranked as one of the top Slideshares for that week. 
And I got nice status over here, where I got a shout out 
and my Slideshare got featured, 
which was really cool. 
And here's an example of people-- 
recently viewed presentations and a recent visitor. 
So on the news feed, you can see what people are looking 
at, so get a sense of which presentations that you're 
doing that are getting viewed. 
Again, here I have a Twitter Basics, a Foursquare Basics, a 
Rocket at Retail Basics. 
So anybody that's on the call that is in retail, I do 
presentations there. 
Because you may or may not know, I own a seasonal store 
on Cape Cod, so I have a lot of really good content on what 
to do if you are a retailer. 
So this is how you're going to upload your first 
presentation. 
And it's going to be really exciting. 
And everybody that's on the call, this is going to be your
homework, you're going to click the orange button and 
you're going to upload a presentation. 
And there's two ways that you can do it. 
You can click it here, and you can also upload a presentation 
that you might have in Drop Box. 
So you might have it saved in Drop Box, so you can access it 
right from Drop Box. 
It's very, very user friendly. 
And so when you're uploading your presentation, you'll get 
the little spinny wheel here. 
And your document will immediately begin to upload to 
your account. 
And you want to make sure that you have a really good title. 
And you can change it, if you want to, after 
you've created it. 
But you want to make sure that it syncs to what your 
presentation is, and to use those meta tags that are 
really good for search. 
And you also want to write a description of your post, as
well as tags. 
And again, use the tags that you believe others would use 
to search in the search bar on Slideshare. 
And you can select a category for your presentation. 
So maybe it's LinkedIn, maybe it's social media, maybe it's 
marketing, maybe it's SEO, maybe it's virtual assistant. 
You get to choose what is. 
And absolutely, you want it to be public. 
If you're going to be anywhere online and you're trying to 
share content and get new followers, you 
want it to be public. 
And then all you do is you Save. 
You click Save and Continue, and you're all set. 
So here is an example of-- 
the one that got the most-- 
I think this is-- this is a recent one we did, which was 
great, How To Schedule Posts on Facebook. 
Everyone is so stuck for time to do things. 
And a lot of people don't know that you can schedule posts 
for the week on Facebook, so you're not glued to your 
computer to get your Facebook content out there. 
So this is a presentation that we recently did, and we got a 
lot of great engagement and views on that one. 
And this is a screen shot of all the different places that 
you can share it to. 
I mentioned that I Tweeted it and posted to Facebook. 
But Karen, guess what? 
You can share it to LinkedIn. 
You can share it to Google+. 
And you can Pin it. 
And there's lots of options there. 
So once you have done your presentation, the URL shows up 
right down here, which you can grab and turn into a bitly, if 
you want, because you would definitely want to shorten 
that, if you're going to share it to other platforms. 
And you can also embed your presentation on your website, 
or on a blog. 
So if you're looking for fresh content on your website or 
blog, this is a really great way to embed your Slideshare. 
You just simply copy and paste the code right over to your 
blog or your website. 
Real easy. 
OK. 
So these are my Slideshare take-aways. 
You want to use it to build credibility with your network. 
You want to make sure that you have a complete profile. 
You want to make sure you have an active title and 
description. 
And you want to make sure you share your 
content to multiple platforms. 
I want to show you something here. 
And please type in questions, if you have them, because I 
finished up a little early. 
But I want to show you all-- 
this is really exciting. 
You cannot see the number, but I have had over 53,000 views 
on my Slideshares. 
So my number right now is 53,997. 
And you get to see the graph and look at your analytics to 
see where and what people are really 
interested in engaging in. 
So I really just want to make this point and hit home with
it that it's so important. 
I know that as entrepreneurs and business owners, you 
struggle with creating content. 
And one of the reasons my business has exploded over the 
past year is because I have created content on multiple 
platforms that I'm sharing. 
And now people are asking me to contribute to their blogs, 
to be part of their tele summit, to join webinars with 
them, to have an article in their book, to speak on stage.
And the reason that they're doing that is because they see 
me as an expert in my field, in my space. 
And as you all know, that right now is Instagram. 
But because I've become such a social media expert on all the 
other platforms, I really know hot to connect the dots and 
leverage them all so that a, my branding is consistent on 
every platform and people really know who I am and what 
I'm passionate about. 
It's not just about the making money and doing 
business with me. 
It's about really getting to know who I am and 
connecting with me. 
And that has trumped everything in spades for me. 
I can't even tell you that as soon as I've launched myself
as the Instagram gal, as an online expert, I am loving 
that I am teaching the world now. 
I'm teaching the world online how to use Instagram to grow 
their network. 
And with that comes the ability to cross promote in 
these other platforms, whether it's creating a business page, 
that Karen recently did for me, so that I can share 
content over on LinkedIn, and really tapping in to the 
millions of people that are there for business, or sharing 
information on Slideshare. 
So what I really want you all to take away from this 
presentation is not overwhelmed by any means, but 
just understanding that when you curate content-- 
and by the way, once your profiles are done, there's 
very little you need to do, other than post 
good content there. 
But just really invest LinkedIn. 
And give Slideshare a shot. 
It doesn't cost any money. 
It's just your time. 
Can I just say something? 
Sue mentioned content creation calendars. 
And I agree with her that that's important to keep 
things consistent. 
But keep in mind-- and I hope you agree with me, Sue-- once 
you create this content, you can reuse it. 
So we're saying, I'm saying, post on LinkedIn every day.
I'm not saying do a Slideshare every day. 
So post your weekly Slideshare, and then maybe 
scroll back through some old ones that you did 
three months ago. 
And post that on another day. 
Chances are, the people looking at you today aren't 
the same people that looked at you three months ago. 
The Twitter cycle. 
Tweet them on a regular basis. 
People want to see this content. 
It's not you being spammy with it. 
It's making it available throughout all of your social 
media platforms. 
So when you create a Slideshare presentation like 
this, yes, absolutely, share it today. 
But share it again and again in different places, 
strategically, to keep your name top of 
mind with your market. 
Absolutely. 
So now I'm going to take some questions, because I do have 
some and I want to make sure I have time for that. 
And in the spirit of being mindful of everyone's precious 
time, I really appreciate you all being here on the call. 
So let me just start with my friend [? Crayel ?], who's in 
Florida, who I met recently. 
She's awesome. 
And she's like, I haven't used Slideshare at all. 
Thank you, Sue, for sharing this. 
I know what I'll be doing this weekend. 
So I just wanted to give a shout out there. 
[? Crayel ?], why don't you Tweet that out, OK? 
And Molly, it is so great to see you on the call. 
Molly is local. 
She is a client of mine. 
And she's awesome. 
She is a member of the Association of Personal Photo 
Organizers. 
So if anyone on the call needs your photos or videos 
organized, Molly is your gal. 
She's asking, Sue, is it only PowerPoint, or does it take 
Keynote presentations also? 
Molly, sometimes I start in Keynote, and then I save it as 
a PowerPoint and upload it. 
So I'm pretty sure PowerPoint is the way that we upload it. 
And I will answer you directly, 
once I know for sure. 
But I do start in Keynote, because that's what 
I have on my Mac. 
And then Katelyn Boothby is a Marketing Manager at ABC 
Packaging District. 
So great to have you on the call. 
And she's asking, for Slideshare, can you use videos 
from PowToons or Wisteria? 
So I don't know what PowToons is, but I totally know 
Wisteria, because they're in the Boston area and they rock. 
What I do know, Katelyn, is that you can upload videos, 
for sure, and you can even embed them in your 
presentation. 
Like YouTube videos can be embedded in your Slideshare 
presentation. 
So for those of you that are more video oriented than 
Slideshare, just scroll slide by slide, I recommend 
definitely checking out what you can do with video. 
I have not yet done one, Katelyn. 
But you know what? 
I'm going to challenge myself and get one out that has video 
in it, so I know exactly how to teach that to my followers.
So thanks for asking that. 
And let's see, I think those are all the 
questions right now. 
I'm just going to refresh one more time. 
And I'm going to let everyone know that we are definitely 
going to get a link to Karen's awesome course. 
Such a frigging steal, $87. 
I'm going to post it here, on this page. 
And I'm going to remind you, if you get in now, you can 
jump in on the challenge to make at least $1,000 from your 
LinkedIn profile before the end of 2013. 
More than 10 times your money back. 
OK. 
Well, I think, how could you say no to that? 
So I am going to posted it here. 
And I'm going to send it out. 
Everyone that is on this call, I am going to send you all the 
presentation really soon. 
And thanks so much for your time. 
I'm going to click out. 
Karen, how do you-- 
I'm going to click out of the presentation so I can wave 
good-bye to you all. 
On the left hand side, there's-- yeah. 
There you go. 
All right, you guys. 
So thanks so much. 
I just want to let you know, I did invest in lights, because
last time it was so dark. 
So I want to let you know-- here's one of them. 
Here's one of them right here. 
I want to let you know, this Captain of the Hour webinar 
stuff, I learn something new every time. 
And it was great having Karen on, because she taught me how 
you can just share your presentation 
right from your desktop. 
But I invested in some lights. 
And I think it's making be glow, right? 
I have lights, too. 
So thanks again, and we will have another Captain of the 
Hour next month. 
And I will put in the email who that is going to be. 
I'm pretty sure it's my really good friend, Rachel Luna, who 
is a kick-ass life coach, with so many tips on how to stay
top of mind, organized and in your game. 
So I'm going to put that in the email, as well. 
So thanks a lot. 
And Karen, thank you so much. 
You were awesome. 
I'm so happy to be here. 
Thanks again. 
